hey guys welcome back to Vince Ville
customs today I'm sharing with you a
Superman kit that I put together for
someone that was a few things about this
kit and when you get a hold of him he
comes with legs arms torso head cape and
bass they actually came with an extra
right arm so you can have two options
basically you can have the art are where
he's out there has the fists up or you
have another arm which is based like
this but down to the side so you get to
pick which one I guess you want you
can't really do a change of arm because
if you did you would have basically seen
going across he had to pick one together
and also the other thing I did with him
which the client requested was his uh
shorts they were there were more of a
shorts they came down to here and it
didn't look like Superman so he
basically wanted to go with the white
white white tie he's uh basically outfit
so basically what I had to do was sand
up a little bit there and create the
scene going around so that worked out
pretty good now he is a very big kid I
mean this sucker is like almost 21
inches tall from the top bottom of the
base to the top of the head so it sees
pretty big he's not small at all and
it's all solid resin which is good I
think the base is just a little bit of
hollow not that big of a deal but it
works out so what I had to do was I had
to figure out how to put him together
with painting and getting the cape on
because if you put everything together
then he try to paint it's very difficult
to get up in here so basically what I
did was I did the bottom half first and
then after I got the bottom half
together
I put the cape on to the body but what I
did was I painted everything first well
at least I painted the blues I painted
all the Cape red I did the skins so once
that was done what I did was I attached
the Cape on to him and what I had was a
couple pins going in
I put the pins in and let them set had
them all glued up and then I painted it
and Max it all back together that was
the only way I could come up with the
idea so once I got the idea of how to
put them together I went ahead and did
it it required some thinking what was
the best off
how to do it and make life easier and so
basically yeah you had to paint it while
putting it together it was only option
so once that was all done and he was all
set
I then attached the top by the body to
the bottom of the body and that worked
out pretty cool so many things I did
with him he comes with two kind of like
pins in the feet so what I did was I
gave a pin to this leg and then I left
that key in the other way so I made a
pin for there and I made it for there so
he fits him pretty good now so instead
of sawing off this key here I left that
there and I gave a nice metal peg going
in there and that worked out good so
he's nice and solid because the reason
why I did that if you left the regular
keys and they try to put them in who'd
be so backwards heavy with the Cape he
would just fall out but now that I got
that in there works out pretty good so
with that being said ups playing how I
did some of the painting basically I
went with garage kits uh flesh tones and
what we did was we gave him metallic
eyes blue so it's kind of like he's got
the heat vision going in a way as you
can see the kind of shines so I worked
out pretty cool and for the Cape we went
with uh basically like a reddish leather
there's some Browns and stuff mixed into
them the same thing with the lady tidy
area the boots you know as for the blue
it's kind of like it's like a mix of
blue with some pearls and it just give
it kind of like a spandex type look so
it worked out pretty good and as for his
symbol the symbol is not actually
complete pearl but there is some pearls
and metallics mixed into it so it's kind
of like shiny but it's not overly you
know metallic popping out at you and I
did this sort of the same thing with the
s in the back it's got some pearl mixed
into it not a lot but enough for it to
pop now you may see a lot of sheen of
shine on him at the moment that's
because my lights are really strong here
but it worked out good
hair has a little bit of a blue in it
hard to see in the camera but
person and you'll see it but a good kid
very big a lot of fun now as for the
base the idea is that the base is from
his Fortress of Solitude
now instead I just don't like straight
white in there you know I talked to the
client it was like maybe we should make
some blue but then what I did was I
doing a lot of this uh of this like
pearlized ink type stuff and I did a lot
of washes and I got a lot of that in
there so it actually feels like it is as
Fortress of Solitude but in a certain
way to get like a sheen and shine of
blues and white so it's kind of very
shiny which is kind of cool so I think
it worked out for this kid especially
with the bass so it was a fun kit pretty
big definitely I definitely had to
really think about how to put them
together and of course the Belle nice
little shiny belt buckle regular yellow
so hopefully guys like the way he came
out was a lot of fun and we'll see you
next time